docs(admission-webhook): fix documentation to match implementation (#3929)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: kroxylicious-docs/docs/_modules/admission-webhook/con-admission-webhook-overview.adoc

Pods that already have a container named `kroxylicious-proxy` are also skipped to avoid double injection.

== Failure policies

The webhook has two separate failure policies:

**Internal error handling:**

> The webhook is fail-closed for internal errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webhook defaults to failing closed for internal errors.
```

When an exception occurs during admission request processing, the webhook returns HTTP 500.

> The Kubernetes API server's behavior is controlled by the `MutatingWebhookConfiguration.failurePolicy` field (default: `Fail`), which blocks pod creation until the webhook becomes available again.

Reviewer: We should mention that that the `failurePolicy` can be changed if availability of Pod creation in targetted namespaces is preferred over honouring the request for sidecar injection

**Unavailable configuration handling:**

> When no `KroxyliciousSidecarConfig` is available for a namespace, behavior is controlled by the `UNINJECTED_POD_POLICY` environment variable on the webhook `Deployment`:

Reviewer: The actual condition is `this == SKIP_NO_CONFIG || this == SKIP_MULTIPLE_CONFIGS || this == SKIP_INVALID_CONFIG`.

It would also be good to motivate why this is a separate configuration.

* `Admit` (default): Allow pod creation without sidecar injection
* `Deny`: Reject pod creation

> Non-error paths (null request, null pod, opt-out, already injected) always allow pod creation regardless of these policies.

Reviewer: I'm not sure how much sense this would make to end users. I think we could drop it.
